POL-1387 New Object Storage Lifecycle Policies / Deprecate Object Storage Optimization Policies (#2756)
flexera-public/policy_templates: cost/google/object_storage_optimization/CHANGELOG.md

## v3.0.1

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> - Deprecated: This policy is no longer being updated. See README for more details.
> =======
> - Minor code improvements to conform with current standards. Functionality unchanged.
> >>>>>>> master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated: This policy is no longer being updated. See README for more details.
- Minor code improvements to conform with current standards. Functionality unchanged.
```

> ## v3.0.1
> 
> <<<<<<< HEAD
> - Deprecated: This policy is no longer being updated. See README for more details.
> =======
> - Minor code improvements to conform with current standards. Functionality unchanged.
> >>>>>>> master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v3.0.2

- Deprecated: This policy is no longer being updated. See README for more details.

## v3.0.1

- Minor code improvements to conform with current standards. Functionality unchanged.
```
